hey what's up to do against fans this is
THQ tank a designer Brian Williams and
we're bringing you another inside the
ring and this time we're going to be
talking about our grappling system and
make sure you stay tuned in just a
couple minutes we're going to be showing
you a full match between Sin Cara and
Daniel Bryan how you doing Brian what we
see in here I'm doing good tank I'm
doing good yeah I just wanted to go over
though you're the high level grappling
that goes on the game holy don't bore
anybody before we get into the sim card
they never work but here I am I'm just
demonstrating some simple chain grapple
techniques you can get into grappling in
the game this year is on the face
buttons so pressing the a button by
itself or pressing up in a will get you
in one Shane grandpa hold the front
facelock Missy what's triple able to do
right here well one thing we know for
sure they're up there it is a front
facelock there you go so Marjorie tails
a few does yes and right now
transitioning between all the different
holes using the right analog stick so
even though the right analog stick isn't
used for grappling as it was in last
year's game you can still has a very
important use in WB 12 so you can use it
to trying to make transitions in whatnot
Here I am performing grapple moves on
poor r-truth and yes there is a
conspiracy ladies and gentlemen any game
once you get the guy in the hold is
basically you know you press the grapple
button which is a and then a direction
of the left analog stick and you can go
into your moves pretty basic and simple
now here we're actually going to get
into talking about the groggy grapple
system and right once again you can see
here we're using our truth as a dummy
dummy body so nobody's actually playing
him which is a conspiracy thank all
those little Jimmy's with this well you
know I know Brian and I we really wanted
to kind of show you guys Oh had to cut
y'all yeah that's lash the flashes just
occurred I just did a force right combo
on our truth day and what that does is
you perform a Porsche right combo just
like an lashes game with a put your
opponent in a that groggy State we can
perform your powerful set of grog eular
raghav el buzon
and we've added this year that little
flash that you see lit both the defender
and the attacker melbourne once they've
been in that state interviewed on our
new limb targeting system here right yes
so I'm showing you can see r-truth has
got you know red damages midsection so
from here once you get that going on
your opponent you can quickly and easily
go straight into a groggy grapple
following a kick to the midsection which
is a change what we did in the lashes
name so kind of rewards that that player
who's you know been in that match and
it's witless going down to the point
we're in a critical state you can
automatically and quickly go straight
into your stronger set of moves I'm
usually the the opponent that's getting
with her down no I've seen yes are you
guys done you blow you've got some
skills man you picked up quite a bit I
look what we have here ladies in general
yeah Sin Cara vs Daniel Bryan Goodson
car I think are the real Sin Cara and
one thing that you guys make quickly
notice is this is a brand new arena it's
an unfamiliar arena and why is it a
brand new arena because we used our
create an arena feature to make this
very Halloween hellacious then run esque
arena and of course when you wrestle
fight battle with sin cara you get that
really awesome lighting so uh yeah and
Brian Creighton arena this is your
future man this is my feature I'm
looking at this arena right here and it
looks okay it's a little gaudy for my
taste but but I to Easter on you can
create you know whatever you know you
want to create a new that's my old skull
in the middle there what are you doing
come on all right I know I know you like
the arena it's good it's good it's
better yeah I like it better than a
grizzled runner in the back that's how I
roll yeah so what are we seeing here
we're seeing we're showing off some cars
yeah good grappling going on this is
this is really about how it all comes
together showing the chain grappling the
groggy grappling exactly seen it all
come together with
and one hopefully entertaining match for
the masses out there that are watching
this and I feel bad for my boy I'm
actually controlling us and crying this
matches I feel bad beating up my boyhood
it had to be done I heard there a lot of
people want to check out some is Brian
much like fantasy football you got to
take care of motion out of it I know
it's so hard though you do so hard I'm
just emotional by Nature boom kick to
the back how excited you that Daniel
Bryan
I'm still I can't believe I mean if I
was booking for the real he'd be my
champion right now but you know I was
definitely surprised to see that they
put the money in the bank briefcase on I
just hope he can hold on to it until
WrestleMania I don't want a kid Anderson
situation where he gets the belt or puts
it up and losing somebody else that
would definitely take the wind out of my
sails so let's take a let's just take a
quick moment here to kind of remind
everybody about creating arena can you
just speak a little bit about you know
the various things you can do and you
know kind of how in general we created
this arena right here yeah well you
basically start out with a blank canvas
you go into the into the crater rim mode
and you have a default arena where you
can customize pretty much everything
that you're seeing right here the ropes
the turnbuckle pads ring post the apron
you see the skull that we've added to
the middle of the of the mat here the
barricade even we got flames on the
barricade right that was my decision
yeah looks all right looks good looks
good is good saying I just noticed you
reversed the come back come back there
right at the very end just right only a
pro like Brian limbs can do that and
hopefully all the millions of others w
Games fans out there I've seen you a
person come back as well you have your
moments sometimes usually just luck and
here i am using my wake up on the apron
to uh to forest and o'brien up about to
hit a beautiful springboard attack on
poor dog for Daniel Bryan's just getting
a beaten in this one I don't think they
know he's not gonna be able he can't
handle lucha libre he can't well we need
to go he definitely can that's just my
opinion and where's the book of tees and
cars put the wood on that poor that's
right that's right and once again here
we're seeing our new breaking point
system and to climb into the ropes to
new features in one that's right i made
it to the rope gaddafi Daniel Bryan that
drama in the match that's right so you
can see dan o'brien's on his way he's
easies almost done he was hold his
midsection right there this is not gonna
end well
fraid another Rebecca's you know the end
of the match yeah I guess that's a hobby
do it because that's inside the other
one that perform this right writer on
this one I was yeah I booked this match
as it were so I sing cars move so pretty
awesome he's a lot of things to play
with here I think all the fans of Sin
Cara and the lucha libre zinner game in
general like Ray are gonna be very happy
well you know we tried it was uh it was
one of those things where you know we
got the word about us Inc are assigning
you know months before he made it uh he
said you know he debuted on programming
so I basically just you know looked at a
whole bunch of his matches from Mexico
to try to you know Cole together some of
his moves and whatnot and I think they
did a pretty good job you know what you
could have got more moves in for him
than we did but you know I think always
improving yeah you know that you know
cost is always an issue that's a nasty
four letter word amongst the team
caustic waste of time and the time
allocated to getting something in there
going to see a nice reversal here if I
remember oh yeah oh yeah I is the first
from a treatable position Oh leave the
face son what you talking about Willis
oh here we go I was gonna have enough
speed up I feel the end cabinet feel he
is this the end game oh I think it is
could be no more I can't reverse and
kick out of too many finisher can't you
can default value though you did oh
kinda looks good and this is definitely
gonna be the end um so but I had to do
it gentlemen ladies and general had to
do it you guys want to see some Cara and
there you go all right ladies and gentle
you learned a little bit more about our
graveling system you see our new
hellacious creighton arena here
feature for the game of course very cool
new huge liner Brian Williams any final
words for fans out there oh just that
you know that the time is near you know
every 12 and be out in stores before you
know it I'm excited as I feel like I've
been working is getting for the past two
years of you would be nice to see this
game on the store shelves and get
people's reactions to it well yeah oh
yeah and as you can see here in November
22nd we're coming for you preorder w 12
@ ee ee ee THQ calm for the rock and
we'll see you next time alright thanks
everybody thanks Brian